hi and welcome to movie clips mixology
Oscar edition today for the
oscar-nominated film gravity starring
Sandra Bullock and George Clooney we are
making the anti-gravity cocktail to make
this cocktail here's what you're going
to need lowball glasses
vodka tonic water cranberry juice and a
backlight since there's no ice in this
drink you will need to chill your
ingredients first add two ounces of
vodka
next pour 3 ounces tonic water into the
glass once you've added the tonic water
stir your drink and pour one ounce
cranberry juice now turn on your
blacklight and watch your Galaxy come to
life drink and enjoy responsibly but
don't become detached